You hit me?
The acting was so good!
As expected of an outdated big star
You two stop playing double reeds here
Who is it for?
There's no shame in that.
Knife, it's been so many years
I see.
You still can't get over your mother's hurdle in your heart
I also admit that I'm sorry for your mother.
But no matter what, I'm still your biological father.
You can't hate me forever, can you?
No, I'm not as fat as you.
Dad, help me persuade this knife
He usually listens to you the most
If you hadn't cheated on me
Hooking up with this slutty fox
How did my mother die?
It is useless to persuade anyone on this matter.
The love between you and my father
From the moment my mother died
It's gone, don't say it
Today is a happy day for knives and blood
All those old things have been criticized by me
Be honest with me
Cut the crap
shameful
Dude, I made you laugh
Call Brother Chen to arrive
We're all here.
Chen Jiansheng, did you hear what your father said?
You are also in front of so many people
We can't wait for that shit in our house
Can the old man be happy?
I can tell you
This old man is biased towards Chen Xiaozhao
Not a day or two
I'm not in good health now
Sooner or later you will die
At that time, the place where the Chen family lives will really be handed over to him
Chen Xiaozhao
Didn't have a good time
Don't worry.
I live in the Chen family
No matter what, this son and daughter can't enter the city